data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:greet
- Hi
- Hey
- Hi bot
- Hey bot
- Hello
- Good morning
- hi again
- hi folks

## intent:goodbye
- goodbye
- goodnight
- good bye
- good night
- see ya
- toodle-oo
- bye now
- so long
- byeeee
- bye bye
- gotta go
- farewell

## intent:thank
- Thanks
- Thank you
- Thank you so much
- Thanks bot
- Thanks for that
- cheers
## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really

## intent:mood_great
- perfect
- very good
- great
- amazing
- wonderful
- I am feeling very good
- I am great
- I'm good

## intent:mood_unhappy
- sad
- very sad
- unhappy
- bad
- very bad
- awful
- terrible
- not very good
- extremely sad
- so sad

## intent:bot_challenge
- are you a bot?
- are you a human?
- am I talking to a bot?
- am I talking to a human?

## intent:whats_on
- what's on now?
- show me the schedule
- whats on
- schedule
- what's on in [arena 1](arena)

## intent:whats_my_color
- what's the best color
- which color?

Commit message:

playing with weather - it;s working!

data/nlu.md, after:


## intent:greet
- Hi
- Hey
- Hi bot
- Hey bot
- Hello
- Good morning
- hi again
- hi folks

## intent:goodbye
- goodbye
- goodnight
- good bye
- good night
- see ya
- toodle-oo
- bye now
- so long
- byeeee
- bye bye
- gotta go
- farewell

## intent:thank
- Thanks
- Thank you
- Thank you so much
- Thanks bot
- Thanks for that
- cheers

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really

## intent:mood_great
- perfect
- very good
- great
- amazing
- wonderful
- I am feeling very good
- I am great
- I'm good

## intent:mood_unhappy
- sad
- very sad
- unhappy
- bad
- very bad
- awful
- terrible
- not very good
- extremely sad
- so sad

## intent:bot_challenge
- are you a bot?
- are you a human?
- am I talking to a bot?
- am I talking to a human?
- are you real?

## intent:get_weather
- what's the weather
- what's the weather here
- what is the weather
- whats the weather
- weather?

## intent:whats_on
- what's on now?
- show me the schedule
- whats on
- schedule
- what's on in [arena 1](arena)
